Apple IdP Changes: Add Bundle ID (#1956)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/identity-providers/apple.adoc

=== Form Fields

[.api]
[field]#Bundle Id# [optional]#Optional# [since]#Available since 1.43.0#::
The Apple Bundle identifier found in your Apple Developer Account, which has been configured for Sign in with Apple.
+
From your Apple Developer account, navigate to [breadcrumb]#Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles -> Identifiers -> App IDs#

[field]#Services Id# [optional]#Optional#::
The Apple Services identifier found in your Apple Developer Account, which has been configured for Sign in with Apple.
+
From your Apple Developer account, navigate to [breadcrumb]#Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles -> Identifiers -> Services IDs#
+
[since]#Since 1.43.0#

> [field]#Services Id# is no longer a required field. At least one of [field]#Bundle Id# or [field]#Services Id# is required.

Reviewer: If we change any language in the API we'll want to do the same here.

== Supporting Web and Mobile

[NOTE.since]
====
Starting with version 1.43.0, FusionAuth supports web and mobile Sign in with Apple using a single IdP configuration.
====

If you are using version 1.43.0 or later, follow the directions in <<Using Bundle Id>>. For versions prior to 1.43.0, follow the directions in <<Using Services Id with Application Overrides>>.

=== Using Bundle Id

Supporting Sign in with Apple from both web and mobile applications in version 1.43.0 or later no longer requires multiple applications.

* [field]#Services Id# is the Apple Services ID used for web applications
* [field]#Bundle Id# is the Apple Bundle ID used for native applications

> Configure both [field]#Services Id# and [field]#Bundle Id# according to your needs. You can still override the configuration for both fields on a per-application basis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure one or both of the [field]#Services Id# and [field]#Bundle Id# fields as needed. If you are only supporting a native app, use [field]#Bundle Id# and leave [field]#Services Id# blank. If only a webapp, use [field]#Services Id# and leave [field]#Bundle Id# blank. If your application is both a native and a web application, configire If only supporting a native app, configure both the [field]#Bundle Id# and [field]#Services Id# fields. 

You can still override the configuration for either field on a per-application basis.
```

> The login API request from a native application needs to include [field]#data.isNativeApp# with a string value of `"true"`. This will use the [field]#Bundle Id# from the Apple IdP configuration rather than [field]#Services Id#.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The login API request from a native application needs to include [field]#data.isNativeApp# with a string value of `"true"`. This configuration will use the [field]#Bundle Id# from the Apple IdP configuration rather than [field]#Services Id#.
```

Reviewer 2: What if you provide `data.isNativeApp` of `true` but don't have a configured bundle id. Do we handle that scenario?

Author: That scenario returns an `[AppleConfigurationError]` validation message.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good!
